10-10 Astro Release Notes (#2929)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## October 10, 2023

> ### Deployment API tokens now generally available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deployment API tokens
```

Reviewer: I hate the long headers lol

> Deployment API tokens replace Deployment API keys as the most secure and customizable way to manage Deployments programmatically including using them to [Push code](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code) and update [environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/environment-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment API tokens are now generally available and replace Deployment API keys as the most secure and customizable way to programmatically update Deployments. This includes using them to [deploy code](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code) and update [environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/environment-variables).
```

Reviewer: Really great wording here though Laura

See [Deployment API tokens](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deployment-api-tokens) to learn how to create and manage Deployment API tokens.

:::caution

> Deployment API tokens are a direct replacement for Deployment API keys. You will not be able to make new API Keys after October 31, 2023. Therefore, Astronomer recommends always using Deployment API tokens over API keys. While you can still continue to use and manage existing Deployment API keys, Astronomer will soon require using Deployment API tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment API tokens are a direct replacement for Deployment API keys, which are now supported only on a limited basis on Astro.

After October 31, 2023, you will not be able to create new API keys. While you can still continue to use and manage existing Deployment API keys, Astronomer will soon require using Deployment API tokens.
```

:::

### New Edit Deployments in the Cloud UI

> You can now edit Deployments, including editing the Deployment name, worker queue settings, and Airflow component configurations, in the Cloud UI. See [Deployment Settings](deployment-settings.md) for a detailed description of how to create, update, and configure your Deployment options.

Reviewer 2: This makes it sound like the functionality didn't exist before now. Feel free to modify this suggestion:
```suggestion
Editing Deployments in the Cloud UI has a new, consolidated flow. All of the configuration options are now editable in a single form (similar to Deployment creation) instead of spread across multiple forms. See [Deployment Settings](deployment-settings.md) for a detailed description of how to create, update, and configure your Deployment options.
```

Reviewer: Yes, I'd change this to something like: "Easier way to Edit Deployments"

Reviewer: This is not new functionality at all, really just minor UX changes honestly but still worth calling out
